---
title: Another thing
date: 2025-07-03
draft: true
---
Part 2 of looking for friends is the confusing part being that some parents once you manage to get a word or two out of them, they give you so much information. It’s like an information exhibition dump in a series where additional information or a flashback is given. 

Let me explain one situation.

I met a fellow mom who also has a little boy who happens to be around two to three months older than my boy. We exchange a hi and there’s a bit of silence. Here’s where my eagerness kicks in where I ask how old is her boy and how is she finding that keeping boys alive is a full time job. We chuckle and she explains just how much of a handful her son is, which by all accounts is still a tame version of my son, and how he has learnt the word “there” and just uses it for everything. 

We kick pff conversations on when he started his first word, milestones and then we move on to the mother. Speaking about how a mother feels and how everyone is different is probably something that isn’t spoken about enough. 

While there are supporting groups to help some parents if you’re lucky enough to find one. However, even with all these groups I have not yet seen one which specifically tackles the topic of rage, mom rage or postpartum rage. I experienced this and there was no one to help me or talk to me. Now remember that my actual support group is back home over the pond in a completely different country. I have no one really that I can trust with this type of conversation. This mom I just met now started to ask me about rage, eating patterns, sleeping patterns. How nursery school choices and different daily routines that she does with her child. The conversation eventually centered around anger and depression, especially how she felt in the first months and even now. 

This was information overload and I thought I could potentially make a friend in her. 

Playtime comes to an end and I ask if she’s up for our kids playing around the same time and she said yes and she’s there everyday at the same time. Wonderful I thought! I might have made a friend. The next day I made an effort to get to the playground around the same time so that the kids could play and adults could become friends. I got there all excited and my new potential “friend” was in the proximity of another mom with a younger child having a spaced chat (the kind where it takes a while for people to respond or continue the conversation). I walked in and said “Hi, good morning!”. Jokes on me, she completely ignored me, looked me dead in the eye, no nod, no greeting, just nothing. Nothing
