---
title: Mom looking for friends
date: 2025-07-02
draft: true
---
So it’s been a while since I’ve written anything although I write, pause, write, sketch, crochet, write, crochet and the repeated cycle continues endlessly but it’s been a while. 

I find myself in a new area of London, thinking that now being here, on recommendations from friends, that we’d be better friends and maybe even make some new ones. 

Almost a year later and those friends only seem to call when they want something or someone last minute to join their plans that included others, but since the others nope’d out, they call us to take their places. My husband says I’m assuming this is the case although there isn’t any hard evidence to prove this. I have my gut thank you very much. 

I’d love to make friends with other parents, they don’t even have to be first time parents, they could be 10th time parents, I don’t care bit some friends in the area would be nice. Am I just too keen to make friends and as a result no one wants to make friends. Or is everyone just maxed out on their friends quota and I’m in the left field with my big banner saying friends wanted? 

I, for one, would love to know what I’m doing wrong. 

So here I sit at one of the park benches near the children’s playground as my boy asked to leave since there were so many children running around and pulling him from things that he got over it pretty fast. But anyway, I sit here, writing this, asking when someone walks in that’s spoken to you before and greets you, whether it’s more than one or whatever but when you greet someone is it normal for them to not even acknowledge it. I’m finding it hard to understand why some parents will strike up a lifetime’s worth of conversation the previous day but today they ignored me as if I’m Casper and am see through. Is this normal? I’ve experienced this 3 times now and am seeing a trend that I may be too eager to have a conversation and maybe I should just look and be miserable to somehow “invite” more conversation or should I pretend everyone is just as invisible as they make me out to be? 

Still looking for a friend but wish there was some way of seeing who is keen or not.
